[docs] Non-language related breaking changes (#8030)
ethereum/solidity: docs/060-breaking-changes.rst

   ``x`` must be of type ``address``.

Interface Changes
=================

This section lists changes that are unrelated to the language itself, but that have an effect on the interfaces of
the compiler. These may change the way how you use the compiler on the command line, how you use its programmable
interface or how you analyze the output produced by it.

New Error Reporter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> A new error reporter was introduced, which aims on producing more accessible error messages on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new error reporter was introduced, which aims at producing more accessible error messages on the command line.
```

It is enabled by default, but passing ``--old-reporter`` falls back to the the deprecated old error reporter.

Metadata Hash Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The compiler now appends the `IPFS <https://ipfs.io/>`_ hash of the metadata file to the end of the bytecode by default
(for details, see documentation on :doc:`contract metadata <metadata>`). Before 0.6.0, the compiler appended the
`Swarm <https://ethersphere.github.io/swarm-home/>`_ hash by default, and in order to still support this behaviour,
the new command line option ``--metadata-hash`` was introduced. It allows you to select the hash to be produced and

> appended, by passing either ``ipfs``, ``swarm`` or ``none`` as value to the ``--metadata-hash`` command line option.

Reviewer 2: Please also explain that `none` can be used to completely remove it.

Reviewer 3: Really? Too bad 😢

> These changes also apply to the :ref:`Standard JSON Interface<compiler-api>` and effect the metadata JSON generated by the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes can also be used via the :ref:`Standard JSON Interface<compiler-api>` and affect the metadata JSON generated by the compiler.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add that the safest way is to use the last two bytes to determine the length of the cbor encoding and then do a proper cbor decoding as exlpained in the metadata section (maybe less words also suffice).

Reviewer 4: The safest way to do what? To check if a hash exists? Or to check if it has the expected encoding?

Yul Optimizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Together with the legacy bytecode optimizer, the :doc:`Yul <yul>` optimizer is now enabled by default when you call the compiler

> with ``--optimize``. If not in assembly mode, you can disable it by calling the compiler with ``--no-optimize-yul``.

Reviewer 2: Maybe "assembly mode" confuses people more than it helps?

The option ``--optimize-yul`` is now invalid in assembly mode, since the Yul optimizer is enabled by default.

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add that this mostly affects the code of the ABIEncoderV2.

the compiler. These may change the way how you use the compiler on the command line, how you use its programmable
interface or how you analyze the output produced by it.

New Error Reporter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A new error reporter was introduced, which aims at producing more accessible error messages on the command line.
It is enabled by default, but passing ``--old-reporter`` falls back to the the deprecated old error reporter.

Metadata Hash Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The compiler now appends the `IPFS <https://ipfs.io/>`_ hash of the metadata file to the end of the bytecode by default
(for details, see documentation on :doc:`contract metadata <metadata>`). Before 0.6.0, the compiler appended the
`Swarm <https://ethersphere.github.io/swarm-home/>`_ hash by default, and in order to still support this behaviour,
the new command line option ``--metadata-hash`` was introduced. It allows you to select the hash to be produced and
appended, by passing either ``ipfs`` or ``swarm`` as value to the ``--metadata-hash`` command line option.
Passing the value ``none`` completely removes the hash.

> These can changes also be used via the :ref:`Standard JSON Interface<compiler-api>` and effect the metadata JSON generated by the compiler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These features can also be used via the :ref:`Standard JSON Interface<compiler-api>` and effect the metadata JSON generated by the compiler.
```

Reviewer 4: damn, I was too hasty

The recommended way to read the metadata is to read the last two bytes to determine the length of the CBOR encoding

> and perform a proper decoding on that data block as explained in the metadata section.

Reviewer 2: Can you link to the section?

Yul Optimizer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Together with the legacy bytecode optimizer, the :doc:`Yul <yul>` optimizer is now enabled by default when you call the compiler
with ``--optimize``. It can be disabled by calling the compiler with ``--no-optimize-yul``.

> This mostly affects code that uses the ABIEncoderV2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This mostly affects code that uses ABIEncoderV2.
```
